item number 20 on the delivery checklist
I've been shown the operation of all the
cockpit switches and understand the
functionality of each of them okay let's
start right up here first of all you
have your mirror adjustment you have
left so you can adjust the rear left and
right right also same thing up and down
then the next button over here is you
have your mirror heat let's say that in
the winter you're going along and your
mirror starts to frost up you can turn
that on which then sends heat to the
mirror these are for your front shades
and for your side shade okay so you must
person hold the button though before it
will start to work it's not like it just
keeps going okay we should hold it then
it goes there's a slight delay so just
know that again in the same way these
switches are also found over in the
passenger console for the passenger seat
you also can operate the passenger ones
from this side also if you choose to do
so also for your side shade this brings
it down to keep the Sun out of you
okay you get your airhorn right here
turn it off that's the difference
then your pedal slide okay that moves
your pedals in and out back towards you
or away from you we've already shown you
the map light which is a really cool
feature battery proves this is for if
you come in the coach and for some
reason that your battery your coach the
chassis battery is dead if you push this
down and hold it that transfers it
connects the the coach battery to the
chassis so then you can go ahead and
start the engine once the engines
running then you can release that and
the engine will then begin to charge
your battery auxilary break we've
already shown you docking lights pretty
simple you have three of them two of
them on each side tag dump we've already
shown you that main power is a really
cool one this is a switch that we've
just added you're going down the road
you might forget to turn your main power
on and that is required to have that on
for your for your shapes to work so it's
switch right here that you can use
here's your automatic traction control
button very simple as you're going down
the road that will help you to keep your
axles from your axle from slipping